hey Merry Christmas Eve and I just got
finished twisting up my hair and as you
can see I did really small twist and I'm
not going to take these down I'm going
to leave them in until New Year's Eve
actually because i'm off all next week
but imma leave them into New Year's een
the reason why is because I'm going out
on New Year's Eve and I want a big
define stretch out twist out so yeah
because I was not worthy that I'll
probably wear hats all week I was so
yeah i did i'm really really small and
i'll probably only untwist them one time
and yeah I'm doing this for a special
occasion so i am going on i don't think
i've been to a real New Year's Eve party
in I don't know how long but we are
stepping out this new year's eve and I
wanted to have a big stretched out twist
out I did not want to work my shrunken
wash and go so I just want to come on
here and show you what i did i used my
giovanna directly vin and I just twisted
up with the jane carter nourishing shine
and i'm just going to keep it twisted
and I had it clamped down cuz I'm trying
to stretch them out just kind of keep
them as long as possible and this is the
back so i hope everybody is having a
great Christmas Eve I am watching the
game I don't do too much on Christmas
Eve I kind of sticking around the house
but I think we are going to go to the
movies tonight I thought I had a lot of
stuff to do today but figured out i did
so i will see you when I take the twist
out talk to you later hey I am back it
is New Year's Eve and I have just taken
out my mini twists I put well they
weren't many they were small I couple
min for a week just so I can have this
big hair for tonight and it
is actually pretty big i'm thinking i
probably should have took them out
yesterday because it would have been
even bigger but that's okay because I'm
sure the night goes on that's gonna
swell up anyway but this is it so see my
lens i got a little but rep right here
you can hardly see it though and i got
my gun my eyes on all i gotta do is put
my lips on and put my bracelets on and
I'm gonna the hubby and I are gonna step
out for New Year's Eve so I will problem
this video will probably be posted in to
the first but I just want to come on
here and show you my hair like I said I
twisted with Jane Carter's on nourishing
shine and I use Giovanni directly in as
my leave in and i will tell you i didn't
do anything to my hair i just kept it in
a scarf and a bonnet when i went out i
just put a hat on and the my hair is
super soft very moisturized it has a
shine to it and I didn't do anything for
the whole week I'd even all my fingers
when I took took my twist on anything so
this is it so yeah Jake Arner shot is a
keeper as one of my staple a twist our
products so get in here so you can see I
kind of have my part not really them in
the middle I don't know what's going on
there this is the bag and I got some
wins yeah so I hope everybody has a
great new years eve going into 2012 I
hope everybody be prosperous be safe
tonight of course this video will be
late so I'll hope you were safe on New
Year's Eve and I'll see the next video
talk to you later